objective:
To store and display information from components and vulnerabilities found in particular application from respective csv's(build_components.csv,build_vulnerabilities.csv)

This information should be organised in way such that entry should have a cve with path of component and build where it is found indicating a status as fixed or not fixed 

In some cases cve found in previous build may not be found in new build, tool should list these cve.
In some cases a cve is found new, such cve are considered as new vulnerabilities.
tool should track these details and display,tool should be able to capture build scan changes with input of 2 builds (query)



Basic web Navigation 
1. navigate to ftp url and pull csv file (csv file should be uploaded to /media and data should be saved in database)


2.user clicks on build, which lists  components.csv and vulnerabilities.csv. 
it should also indicate if particular csv is already imported into tool or not.
query: does the tool allow to import both csv's to analyze or does the user has choice to import and analyze any one csv
  2.1 if flagged already imported 
    2.1.1 User can click on file to view page list with results
  2.2 if flagged not imported(import option available)
    2.2.1 user imports file
    2.2.2 after import list with results

	query: when imported should the results be specific for a build or irrespective of a build.
	below results are assumed to be specific to build
3. list with results (steps)
   3.1 list by components
   3.2 list by vulnerabilities
   3.3 list by fixed 
   3.4 list by not fixed
   3.5 list new vulnerabilities
   3.6 (query) excluded cve w.r.t previous builds
   

3.1 List by Components page will show as below 
componentname,total vulnerabilities,no of files,verison,latestverison,licensetype,componenttype,
--> Clicking on componentname will list file informaiton and vulnerabilities.This vulnerabilities list should have informaiton as fixed or notfixed 

3.2 List by Vulnerabilities page will show as below
cve,component,staus(fixed/notfixed)
--> Clicking on cve will list details of cve and bugzill link, a provision for user to edit/add bugzilla url,and status(fixed/notfixed).

3.3 List by Vulnerabilities(fixed)
cve,component,staus(fixed/notfixed)
--> Clicking on cve will list details of cve and bugzill link, a provision for user to edit/add bugzilla url.
  
3.4 List by Vulnerabilities(Notfixed)
cve,component,staus(fixed/notfixed)
--> Clicking on cve will list details of cve and bugzill link, a provision for user to view bugzilla url.	

3.5 List new vulnerabilities for this specific build

	

